# Closer Look: public/ vs assets/ for Image Storage

## The public/ Folder

As shown in the previous lecture you can store images in the `public/` folder and then <b>directly reference</b> them from inside your `index.html` or `index.css` files.

The reason for that is that images (or, in general: files) stored in `public/` are made <b>publicly available</b> by the underlying project development server & build process. Just like `index.html`, those files can directly be visited from inside the browser and can therefore also be requested by other files.

If you try loading `localhost:5173/some-image.jpg`, you'll be able to see that image (if it exists in the `public/` folder, of course).

## The src/assets/ Folder

You can also store images in the `src/assets/` folder (or, actually, anywhere in the `src` folder).

So what's the difference compared to `public/`?

Any files (of any format) stored in `src` (or subfolders like `src/assets/`) are <b>not made available to the public</b>. They can't be accessed by website visitors. If you try loading `localhost:5173/src/assets/some-image.jpg`, you'll get an error.

Instead, files stored in `src/` (and subfolders) can be used in your code files. Images imported into code files are then picked up by the underlying build process, potentially optimized, and kind of <i>"injected"</i> into the `public/` folder right before serving the website. Links to those images are automatically generated and used in the places where you referenced the imported images.

# Which Folder Should You Use?

You should use the `public/` folder for any images that should <b>not be handled by the build process</b> and that should be <b>generally available</b>. Good candidates are images used directly in the `index.html` file or favicons.

On the other hand, images that are used <b>inside of components</b> should typically be stored in the `src/` folder (e.g., in `src/assets/`).
