# Solution Explanation

In the solution, a timer is started in the `handleStartWorkout` function in the `Workout` component function by calling `setTimeout`.

As a first argument for `setTimeout`, a pointer at the `handleStopWorkout` function is provided - since that's the function that should be executed whenever the workout is stopped or the timer is done. The second argument is set to the `time` prop value since that's the workout time in milliseconds (passed to `Workout` in the `App` component):

```
export default function Workout({ title, description, time, onComplete }) {
    function handleStartWorkout() {
        setTimeout(handleStopWorkout, time);
    }

    function handleStopWorkout() {
        onComplete();
    }

    return (
        <article className="workout">
            <h3>{title}</h3>
            <p>{description}</p>
            <p>{time}</p>
            <p>
                <button onClick={handleStartWorkout}>Start</button>
                <button onClick={handleStopWorkout}>Stop</button>
            </p>
        </article>
    );
}
```

To stop the timer from inside `handleStopWorkout`, a timer reference (which is returned automatically by `setTimeout`) must be stored and used with `clearTimeout` (a built-in function that stops a given timer).

This timer reference should not be stored in a standard variable defined inside the component function since that variable would be overwritten every time the component function is re-executed (e.g., because the parent component is re-executed).

It should also not be stored in a variable defined outside of the component function since that variable would be shared across all `Workout` component instances (i.e., stopping a timer from inside the "Pushups" instance could then stop the timer for "Squats" instance etc).

Therefore, using a "ref" via React's `useRef()` Hook is the solution! Because "refs" are <b>not re-created</b> when the component function is executed again. And they're also not shared across component instances.

Hence, a new `timer` ref is created and used to store the timer reference returned by `setTimeout`.

<b>Important:</b> The timer reference is stored inside of `timer.current` since React "refs" always are objects with a `current` property which should hold the actual ref value.

This stored timer reference is then used inside of the `handleStopWorkout` function to stop the timer with help of the built-in `clearTimeout` function:

```
import React from 'react';

export default function Workout({ title, description, time, onComplete }) {
    const timer = React.useRef();

    function handleStartWorkout() {
        timer.current = setTimeout(handleStopWorkout, time);
    }

    function handleStopWorkout() {
        clearTimeout(timer.current);
        onComplete();
    }

    return (
        <article className="workout">
            <h3>{title}</h3>
            <p>{description}</p>
            <p>{time}</p>
            <p>
                <button onClick={handleStartWorkout}>Start</button>
                <button onClick={handleStopWorkout}>Stop</button>
            </p>
        </article>
    );
}
```
