# More on the Arrow Function Syntax

When working with <b>Arrow Functions</b>, you have a couple of <i>"syntax shortcuts"</i> available.

Most importantly, you should know about the following alternatives:

## 1. Omitting parameter list parentheses

If your arrow functions takes <b>exactly one parameter</b>, you may <b>omit</b> the wrapping parentheses.

Instead of

```
(userName) => { ... }
```

you could write

```
userName => { ... }
```

### Please note:

-   If your function takes <b>no parameters</b>, parentheses <b>must not be omitted</b> - `() => { ... }` is the <b>only correct form</b> in that case.
-   If your function takes <b>more than one parameter</b>, you also <b>must not omit</b> parentheses - `userName, userAge => { ... }` would be invalid (`(userName, userAge) => { ... }` is correct)!

## 2. Omitting function body curly braces

If your arrow function contains <b>no other logic but a `return` statement</b>, you may <b>omit the curly braces</b> and the `return` keyword.

Instead of

```
number => {
    return number * 3;
}
```

you could write

```
number => number * 3;
```

The following code would be invalid:

```
number => return number * 3; // invalid because return keyword must also be omitted!
number => if (number === 2) { return 5 }; // invalid because if statements can't be returned
```

## 3. Special case: Just returning an object

If you go for the shorter alternative explained in #2 and you're trying to return a <b>JavaScript object</b>, you may end up with the following, <b>invalid</b> code:

```
number => { age: number }; // trying to return an object
```

This code would be invalid because JavaScript treats the curly braces as <b>function body wrappers</b> (not as code that creates a JS object).

To <i>"tell"</i> JavaScript that an object should be created (and returned) instead, the code would need to be adjusted like this:

```
number => ({ age: number }); // wrapping the object in extra parentheses
```

By wrapping the object and its curly braces with an <b>extra pair of parentheses</b>, JavaScript understands that the curly braces are not there to define a function body but instead to create an object. Hence that object then gets returned.
