# Solution Explanation

In the solution, as a first step, a `label` prop is <i>"pulled out"</i> of the incoming props object in the `Input` component function. In addition, any other props are grouped into a `props` object via JavaScript's `...props` syntax.

The `label` prop is then output as a text value between the `<label>` tags, the collected `props` are spread onto the `<input>` element:

```
export default function Input({ label, ...props }) {
    return (
        <p className="control">
            <label>{label}</label>
            <input {...props} />
        </p>
    );
}
```

To allow the `App` component to pass a `ref` value to the `Input` component, the `Input` component is wrapped with React's `forwardRef` function. This function is required since the special `ref` prop can not be accepted or destructured like those other props.

Therefore, the `Input` component function is wrapped with `forwardRef` and the returned object is then stored in a `Input` constant which is exported as a `default`.

Component functions wrapped with `forwardRef` then receive a second parameter (besides the props object which is the first parameter): a `ref` parameter that contains the value that might be set for the special `ref` prop.

This `ref` parameter can then be used like any other ref in React - it can, for example, be <i>"connected"</i> to JSX elements. Hence, to meet the task requirements, it is set as a value for the `ref` prop on the `<input>` element in this case.

Therefore, the `Input` component function file now contains this code:

```
import React from 'react';

const Input = React.forwardRef(function Input({ label, ...props }, ref) {
    return (
        <p className="control">
            <label>{label}</label>
            <input ref={ref} {...props} />
        </p>
    );
});

export default Input;
```

With the `Input` component enhanced and finished, the `App` component code should therefore now also be changed.

In order to read the entered name and email values inside the `handleSaveData` function, two refs are created with help of React's `useRef()` Hook.

These refs are then forwarded to the `Input` component by setting them as values on the `Input` component's special `ref` prop (which can now be set thanks to `forwardRef`).

Inside `handleSaveData`, those refs can then be used to access and read the entered values:

```
import React from 'react';

import Input from './Input';

export const userData = {
    name: '',
    email: '',
};

export function App() {
    const name = React.useRef();
    const email = React.useRef();

    function handleSaveData() {
        const enteredName = name.current.value;
        const enteredEmail = email.current.value;

        userData.name = enteredName;
        userData.email = enteredEmail;

        console.log(userData);
    }

    return (
        <div id="app">
            <Input type="text" label="Your Name" ref={name} />
            <Input type="email" label="Your E-Mail" ref={email} />
            <p id="actions">
                <button onClick={handleSaveData}>Save Data</button>
            </p>
        </div>
    );
}
```
